docs: deployment yaml (#5674)
jina-ai/jina: docs/concepts/executor/serve.md

Just like that, our Executor is up and running.

(kubernetes-executor)=
## Serve from Deployment YAML

> In case you want a clear separation between deployment configuration and Executor logic, you can define those 
> configuration in a `Deployment` YAML configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want a clear separation between deployment configuration and Executor logic, you can define the 
configuration in a `Deployment` YAML configuration. For example:
```

> This is an example `deployment.yml` config file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: I need to show the file name to the user, needed later

Reviewer: OK, keep it. Can remove the "For example:" string

> This is an example `deployment.yml` config file:

Author: ```suggestion
This is an example `deployment.yml` config file:
```

```yaml
jtype: Deployment
with:
  replicas: 2
  shards: 3
  uses: MyExecutor
  py_modules:
    - my_executor.py
```

> Then, you can run the deployment either through the CLI or Python API:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, you can run the Deployment through the CLI or Python API:
```

````{tab} Python API
```python
from jina import Deployment

with Deployment.load_config('deployment.yml') as dep:
    dep.block()
```
````

````{tab} CLI
```shell
jina deployment --uses deployment.yml
```
Unlike the `jina executor` CLI, this command supports replication and sharding. 
````
```text
─────────────────────── 🎉 Deployment is ready to serve! ───────────────────────
╭────────────── 🔗 Endpoint ────────────────╮
│  ⛓     Protocol                    GRPC  │
│  🏠       Local           0.0.0.0:12345   │
│  🔒     Private     192.168.3.147:12345   │
│  🌍      Public    87.191.159.105:12345   │
╰───────────────────────────────────────────╯
```

> Read more about the {ref}`YAML specifications of Deployments <deployment-yaml-spec>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read more about the {ref}`YAML specifications of Deployments <deployment-yaml-spec>`.
```

['hello']
```

````{admonition} Hint
:class: hint

> You can also export an Executor deployment to kubernetes YAML files using the CLI commad, in case you define a Deployment YAML config:

Author: ```suggestion
You can also export an Executor deployment to kubernetes YAML files using the CLI command, in case you define a Deployment YAML config:
```
